Testing Gravity 2017
====================

25-28 January 2017, SFU Harbour Center, Vancouver, BC, Canada
-------------------------------------------------------------

---

Testing Gravity 2017 is the 2nd Testing Gravity conference hosted by
SFU bringing together leading experts on various ways of testing laws
of Gravity. The [1st Testing Gravity
conference](https://www.sfu.ca/physics/cosmology/TestingGravity2015/)
held in January 2015 was attended by over 100 scientists from 13
countries. Testing Gravity remains a topical theme because of the
unexplained nature of dark matter and dark energy, and the long-
standing failure to reconcile gravity with quantum physics. It is
particularly relevant given the recent first detection of gravity
waves by LIGO. The conference will provide an opportunity for
theorists, experimentalist and observers to discuss new ways of
testing GR and some of the alternative gravity theories, taking
advantage of improving technologies and new observational windows.
Topics will include gravitational waves, pulsars, black holes;
terrestrial tests, gravity on short distances; particle cosmology,
dark matter; cosmological probes - CMB, 21 cm, redshift surveys, weak
lensing; modified gravity theories; quantum gravity and emergent
gravity. The school on Wed Jan 25 will feature four lectures providing
background into main topics covered by the conference. The conference
on Jan 26-28 will feature invited and short contributed talks, and a
poster session.

---

This repository tracks assets and content for automatically generated
HTML layout. To update live website, commit your changes and send pull
request to [maintainer](https://github.com/andrei-v-frolov).
